CASCADING
it means css files must be arranginf in a specific order

popular IDEs

visual studio is developed by microsoft used for building debugging and deploying applications across various platforms
Xcode is developed by apple   for debugging and creating applications for macOS,iOS,watchOS and tv iOS


Android Studio: is developed by Google specifically designed for building debugging and testing android applications

popular code editors(they focus on the primarly on text content while the IDEs esposive various tools to manage your code)
sublime Text ,Notepad++

A cloud based editor is an online tool that allows you to write,edit and amanage code or text directly thoruhg a web browser without needing to install software locally

-Replit is an nonline platform that provides a collaborative envireonment for coding, allowing users to write , run and share code in various language directly form a web browser.
-Github Codespacces
-Ona claoud based development envireonment that integrates with GitHub and GitLab offering customizable workspaces for coding building and debugging directly from youe browser


the worksapce is whichever the directory you open in vs code

CLI we have powershel and command propmt
to make a new directory we write mkdir which is in full means make directory mkdir nameofproject

some shortcuts

ctrl+shift+F when you need to find and replace 
ctrl+shif+K to remove a line after selecting it
to increase the code size ctrl + plus or ctrl + -


the Vs code Extensions that you need

Better Comments
Code spell
Error Lens
Indent Rinbow
Icon Pack
//another thing you may need the extension depending on the language that you are using like if you are using js you may need prettier but when you need like preety TYpescript for the typescript errors

in js we create the big int by adding n to the end of a large number
javascript dynamically typing allows variables to change types freely which offers flexibility but can lead to unexpected errors.

statically type requires you to write the varibable type before the value.

typeof operator it helps you to indicate the string of the type

server site programming language is js

In JavaScript, a valid variable name must follow these rules:

Can contain letters, digits, underscores _, and dollar signs $.
Cannot start with a digit.
Cannot contain special characters like !, @, #, etc.
Cannot be a reserved keyword like let, var, if, etc.

to get the lat index of a string we make it like this stringname.length-1;

when it is one you write "It\s" :)
it's => it\'s

string interopolation allow us to embedd other variables

by using the indexOf method when the value is not found it return -1

when you have the arrays you specify the index that you want to start from


prompt() method is one of easy ways to get the input from the user through a small pp-up box

the trim() method allow us to remove the whitespaces at end or start when not specified they are removed from the at start alone.
we have the trimEnd
trimStart
.replace method()
this is method that is used to replace a substring in a given sentence
.replace("the search word","the word to be replaced");
.repeat is used to repeat a given word or string in different times depending on what is in the brackets
so to make the repeat works you dont have to put the negative numbers and the infinity still it cant work
also it provide the the repetition without adding some spaces

.when the repeat method contains (0) then you gona get "" becouse its like nothing which is in so

string
is group of characters that are wrapped in quotations,backsticks or single quote

the meaning of ASCII Advanced Systematic Code for Internal Interchange

when the arithematic operation + sign is gonna return the string when they are combined with the number like the string whena dded to a number
but other like the -,*,/ are gonna return number when they are used with the number strings

//when we have more than one operators how do javascript handles it

//we have to start with the multiplication first then we move to
//  the addition and then the substraction and we move just like that
//but when there is brackets it first make whats in the brackets

when we have minus and plus then we have to start on the minus then we move to the plus sign

to override the presedence in js you have to use the bracket like you have to make the values have the high priority

also when we are to update our value immediatly we use the prefix

COMPOUND operators
these are  the js shortcuts that combine an arithematic operation with assignment =+,=- all in one step;

x = x + 5; which is the same as writting x+=5
x = x-4;same as x-=4;
BOOLEAN allows you to do something basing on a specific reason

JavaScript avoid type coercion?
=== and !==.
Type coercion means JavaScript automatically converts one data type into another when it needs to — usually between strings and numbers or booleans.

Unary operator
unary operator concerts its operand into a number. if operand is already a number it remains unchanged
we have:
unary negation
unary plus
logical Note
the not Bitwise which is used too change the number into binary
the tyeof it checks the tyoe of the string

What Are Conditional Statements, and How Do If/Else If/Else Statements Work?

flasy value
false,0,-0,"",undefined,NaN,null
 
 truthy values
 non-empty strings like "hello",arrays,objects,the boolean true

 the falsy value inside the console will never run

 //Terinary operators
 condition ? expressionIfTrue : expression if the condition is false;
 What's a compact way to write simple if/else statements? using the terinary operator

 how can you check for the multipe conditions in ana if statementsby using the else if


 Binary operators and how do they work
 Binary logical operators help you evaluate two expressions and return a result based on their truthiness. 
 logical And(&&)
logical Or(||)
The nullish coalescing operator(??)

✅ Summary:
Use ?? to handle null or undefined.
It returns the second value only if the first is null or undefined.
Does not treat 0, false, or '' as nullish.
Syntax: let result = value ?? defaultValue.

logical pr if one is atleast true;


math objects
The Math.random() method generates a random floating-point number between 0 (inclusive) and 1 (exclusive).0 is included but 1 is excluded
Math.min() it checks the smallest number in the object.
Math.max() it checks the largest nunber in the object.

Why is Math.round() considered a hybrid of Math.ceil() and Math.floor()?
It rounds numbers to the nearest integer, using both rounding up and down depending on the decimal.


Rounds a number down, regardless of the decimal point.
What does the Math.floor() function do?

parseInt and parseFloat are used to convert a string to numbers

when we want to convert a string but it has the leters before it then we gonna get NaN
when we have like this 2.13.45 its gonna reruen the first 3 only and then ignores others

awitch case is likely to use the Strict equal over other Comparison operators

When you use break in a switch case, it stops the execution of the switch statement and exits the block immediately, so the program does not continue to check or execute the next cases.


what is the result of the expression undefined>0
=> false
4.
 
What is a truthy and falsy value?

A value that is considered true or false when encountered in a Boolean context.
7.
 
What happens when you don't include break while implementing a switch statement?
The code continues to evaluate the following case statements, even after finding a match.

what is the meaning of scope
this is visibility and accessibility of variable in different parts of code.
it determine where varibale can be accessed or modified.

1.global
can be accessed from anywhere
2.Local scope
variable onlya ccessed inside a function

💡 Key rule:

You can only access variables within their scope —
if they are declared inside a function, they are not visible outside it.

🧩 Tip:

If you want to use a variable outside the function, you can:

Declare it outside the function, or

Return it from the function.

3.Block scope
introduces with the let and contains its code section within the curly braces{}
such as if statements, for loops,while loops 

what are the default parameter those are the values that are called inside the function like the arguments so there is no reeason to call them after

// synthax of the arroe functions

const functionName=parameter=>{
  return what you want;
}
console.log(callfunction(arguments));
//after the return the function ignores everything so when we have 2 return statements it is gonna take the first one always

meaning of the array methodswe have 2 array methods
push method : which is the method which is used to add element at the end of an array
pop method : which is used to to remove the last index in the list of an array elements
unshift method is the method is used to add the elemnt at first index of an array
shift method is used to remove the first index of an array

 CONCLUSION ON PUSH POP SHIFT AND UNSHIFT
For methods that remove items (shift() and pop()), 
 create a variable to store the removed item.
 For methods that add items (push() and unshift()), 
 no need to create a variable because they return the new length, 
and the item is already added to the array.


the way we use the methods of slipt, reverse and join();
is by thiswhen we use the split it is meaning that we have to make our variable separable so that is to mean we have to specify our separation
when we write like this word.split("") split the word letter by letter like individually
then word.split(" ") when there is the space then split the word wherever there is space to mean if
we have like this example sentence =" hello world" and then we make sentence.split(" ") that is to mean that we are gonna get hello and world separetly
but when awe also have to split at a given dash like this("-") it is gonna be separable only when we have reached to the dash

//al the above methods to mean the split join and reverse they all provide the output in the arrays still

how to us eth eindexOf method in arrays

arrays.indexOf(element,fromIndex)
when the from index is not provided then the arays is gonna start where the array starts
when the index is not found then we are going to get the -1 in return

splice method allow us to modfy the array by add or remove elements from any position at the array

you can also use the splice method to clear the arraylike by writting splice(0
splice return array containing the removed elements)


//the summary of the study